cb_medical_product_request/README.rst, before:

==========================
Cb Medical Product Request
==========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-tegin%2Fcb--medical-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/tegin/cb-medical/tree/13.0/cb_medical_product_request
    :alt: tegin/cb-medical

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This addon enables to create medical product requests (as medication prescriptions or internal medical orders)

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/tegin/cb-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/tegin/cb-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20cb_medical_product_request%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Creu Blanca

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Creu Blanca

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `tegin/cb-medical <https://github.com/tegin/cb-medical/tree/13.0/cb_medical_product_request>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] cb_medical_product_request: add tests and modify readme

cb_medical_product_request/README.rst, after:

==========================
Cb Medical Product Request
==========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-tegin%2Fcb--medical-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/tegin/cb-medical/tree/13.0/cb_medical_product_request
    :alt: tegin/cb-medical

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This addon expands the functionality of the module medical_product_request by adapting the medical.product.request to the spanish prescription.
In the spanish prescription the rates must be given as a frequency, for example, 3 times a day. However, in the medical language is more common to say every 8 hours. For this reason, it is introduced the concept of the "Specific Rate" and "Specific Rate Uom". Its values are then changed to the values that are compatible to the spanish prescription.
It also adds a report to print the prescription following the spanish model.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/tegin/cb-medical/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/tegin/cb-medical/issues/new?body=module:%20cb_medical_product_request%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Creu Blanca

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Creu Blanca

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `tegin/cb-medical <https://github.com/tegin/cb-medical/tree/13.0/cb_medical_product_request>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
